demo-map:37 MapTiler API key loaded successfully
index-CMbo572S.js:678 üîç [useAuth] Auth state: Object
index-CMbo572S.js:678 üîç [useAuth] Auth state: Object
index-CMbo572S.js:723 üì± Device Detection: desktop, landscape: true, useRibbon: false, hideSidebar: false
index-CMbo572S.js:1966 üîë Fetching MapTiler API key...
index-CMbo572S.js:678 üîç [useAuth] Making network request to /api/auth/user
index-CMbo572S.js:722 üîç [TenantContext] useEffect triggered: Object
index-CMbo572S.js:722 üîç [TenantContext] Not authenticated, skipping
index-CMbo572S.js:722 üéØ [TenantContext] Final context value: Object
index-CMbo572S.js:722 LanguageContext initialized: Object
index-CMbo572S.js:678 üîç [useAuth] Auth state: Object
index-CMbo572S.js:722 üîç [TenantContext] useEffect triggered: Object
index-CMbo572S.js:722 üîç [TenantContext] Not authenticated, skipping
all.js:6 >=116
index-CMbo572S.js:1966 ‚úÖ MapTiler API key loaded for Leaflet
api/auth/access-info:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 401 ()
api/auth/user:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 401 ()
index-CMbo572S.js:678 üîç [useAuth] Response: 401 
index-CMbo572S.js:678 üîç [useAuth] Auth request failed: 401 
index-CMbo572S.js:678 üîç [useAuth] Auth state: Object
index-CMbo572S.js:678 üîç [useAuth] Auth state: Object
index-CMbo572S.js:722 üîç [TenantContext] useEffect triggered: Object
index-CMbo572S.js:722 üîç [TenantContext] Not authenticated, skipping
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:723 üì± Resize Event: desktop, landscape: true, useRibbon: false
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
index-CMbo572S.js:1971 Tile loading issue - normal in development
